update upgrade fluxga docs to get ready for v0.29 release (#3905)
weaveworks/weave-gitops: website/docs/guides/fluxga-upgrade.mdx

        tag: v0.10.0
```

> ### Can I Use Weave GitOps with Flux Beta?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Can I Use Weave GitOps with Flux v2 0.x (pre-GA versions)?
```

> From Weave Gitops v0.29 only Flux v2.0 GA is supported. Please follow the [Upgrade](#upgrade) section to help you with the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Weave GitOps v0.29, only Flux v2.0 GA is supported. Please follow the [Upgrade](#upgrade) section to help you with the process.
```

> Earlier Weave Gitops versions works with both Flux GA and Flux Beta but is encouraged that you upgrade to latest for
> the best experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Earlier versions of Weave GitOps work with both Flux v2 GA and Flux v2 0.x (the pre-GA ones), but it is encouraged that you upgrade to the latest version for the best experience.
```
